suggested_study/README.md, before:

# Suggested Study

A collection of helpful links to support you through Emerging Talent. Do you
know something we're missing, send a Pull Request! All languages are welcome.

## Learning in Public

- [Learn in Public (swyx)](https://www.swyx.io/learn-in-public): A blog post
  explaining what it means to Learn in Public, and why this is a good idea.
  Highly recommended! - _English, 한국어, 日本語, Español, 中文, Português,
  Deutsch, Français, فارسی, हिंदी._
- [Learning Gears (swyx)](https://www.swyx.io/learning-gears): A blog post
  explaining how to get started Learning in Public with 3 "gears". - _English,
  Português_
- [Pick up What They Put Down (swyx)](https://www.swyx.io/puwtpd): A blog post
  describing one strategy for Learning in Public - _English, Português_
- [Why Do I Create Free Data Science and Machine Learning Educational Content - For Revenge (Pablo Caceres)](https://pabloinsente.github.io/why-ds-content):
  A motivating article about the barriers to learning programming or data
  science and what you can do about it.

## Being a Developer

- [Be reasonable with yourself](http://norvig.com/21-days.html) - Programming
  takes work, then more work, followed by a lot of practice.
- [What is programming?](https://shawnr.gitbooks.io/practical-introduction-to-javascript/content/what-is-programming/)
- Be bad at something, it's
  [good for you](https://www.ted.com/talks/eduardo_briceno_how_to_get_better_at_the_things_you_care_about).
- Study [smarter](https://youtu.be/Xt5qpbiqw2g?t=297), not harder!
- [Tips to the beginner developer](https://www.codementor.io/learn-programming/tips-on-becoming-a-software-engineer).
- [What do programmers do?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g4a7_HH9Wbg)
- [Key to being a developer](https://medium.com/@rhamedy/key-habits-and-things-i-wish-i-knew-earlier-as-a-developer-43c9466a0407)
- [Top 8 Developer Habits](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DwQ7psiU23I&index=1&list=PL0zVEGEvSaeGY3RMjGo4CgMPN42_U9Glu)
- [peternixey](http://peternixey.com/post/83510597580/how-to-be-a-great-software-developer) -
  long, but worth every word.
- [comparing yourself to others](https://medium.freecodecamp.org/a-better-way-to-compare-yourself-43cf37616570)
- [Effective learning](https://github.com/DeNepo/learning)
- [Write Code Every Day](https://johnresig.com/blog/write-code-every-day/)
- [Weekly Review Day](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PlTrxpNaZI8)
- [How I Became a Better Programmer](https://archive.jlongster.com/How-I-Became-Better-Programmer)
- [Building Software Together](https://buildtogether.tech/) A student's guide to
  being a compassionate programmer - The technical parts are more advanced than
  what you're learning now, but all the rest is gold.

## Markdown

- [Markdown Tutorial (gjtorikian)](https://www.markdowntutorial.com): If you
  have ten minutes, you can learn Markdown! In each lesson, you’ll be given an
  introduction to a single Markdown concept. Then, you’ll be asked to complete
  several exercises with that new knowledge.
  - _English, Spanish, French, Korean, Japanese, Dutch, Simplified Chinese,
    Traditional Chinese_
- [Markdown Guide (Matt Cone)](https://www.markdownguide.org/): The Markdown
  Guide is a free and open-source reference guide that explains how to use
  Markdown, the simple and easy-to-use markup language you can use to format
  virtually any document.
- [Commonmark Tutorial](https://commonmark.org/help/tutorial/): Each lesson
  introduces a single Markdown concept with an example. When you see a red
  pulsing circle in the example, select to examine it for details. After
  studying the example, try a few practice exercises with your new knowledge.
- [Markdown Crash Course (Brad Traversy)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HUBNt18RFbo):
  In this video we will discuss what Markdown is, what it is used for and we
  will jump into VSCode and learn the entire syntax in around 10 minutes. We
  will also push to a Github repo to see what it looks like there.
- [Introduction to Markdown in Visual Studio Code _with Markdown worksheet!_ (James Q Quick)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pTCROLZLhDM):
  In this video, we will walk through the basics of Markdown such as creating
  headers, lists, tables, etc. We will use Visual Studio Code (VSCode) which
  allows us to see a live preview of our Markdown as we type in code.

## READMEs

- Writing Good READMEs
  - [readme.so](https://readme.so/)
  - [makeareadme.com](https://www.makeareadme.com/)
  - [bulldogjob](https://bulldogjob.com/news/449-how-to-write-a-good-readme-for-your-github-project)
  - [meakaakka](https://medium.com/@meakaakka/a-beginners-guide-to-writing-a-kickass-readme-7ac01da88ab3)
  - [freecodecamp](https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/how-to-write-a-good-readme-file/)
- [awesome README templates](https://github.com/elangosundar/awesome-README-templates)
- README Driven Development
  - [deterministic.space](https://deterministic.space/readme-driven-development.html)
  - [tom preston werner](https://tom.preston-werner.com/2010/08/23/readme-driven-development.html)

## Missing

> _Chinese (Simplified), Chinese (Traditional), Japanese, Korean, Portuguese,
> Russian, Serbian, Spanish, Turkish, Vietnamese, Arabic, Italian, Persian,
> German_

The Missing Semester of Your CS Education (Anish, Jon and Jose):

- [Course site](https://missing.csail.mit.edu/)
- [YouTubre playlist](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLyzOVJj3bHQuloKGG59rS43e29ro7I57J)

We’ll teach you how to master the command-line, use a powerful text editor, use
fancy features of version control systems, and much more!

- Shell Tools and Scripting
- Vim Editor
- Data Wrangling
- Command-line Environment
- CLI
- Version Control (Git)
- Debugging and Profiling
- Metaprogramming
- Security and Cryptography
- Keyboard remappin
- Daemons
- FUSE
- Backups
- APIs
- Common command-line flags/patterns
- Window managers
- VPNs
- Markdown
- Hammerspoon (desktop automation on macOS)
- Booting + Live USBs
- Docker
- Vagrant
- VMs
- Cloud
- OpenStack
- Notebook programming
- GitHub

Commit message:

link to markdownlint errors, @mariacommits

suggested_study/README.md, after:

# Suggested Study

A collection of helpful links to support you through Emerging Talent. Do you
know something we're missing, send a Pull Request! All languages are welcome.

## Learning in Public

- [Learn in Public (swyx)](https://www.swyx.io/learn-in-public): A blog post
  explaining what it means to Learn in Public, and why this is a good idea.
  Highly recommended! - _English, 한국어, 日本語, Español, 中文, Português,
  Deutsch, Français, فارسی, हिंदी._
- [Learning Gears (swyx)](https://www.swyx.io/learning-gears): A blog post
  explaining how to get started Learning in Public with 3 "gears". - _English,
  Português_
- [Pick up What They Put Down (swyx)](https://www.swyx.io/puwtpd): A blog post
  describing one strategy for Learning in Public - _English, Português_
- [Why Do I Create Free Data Science and Machine Learning Educational Content - For Revenge (Pablo Caceres)](https://pabloinsente.github.io/why-ds-content):
  A motivating article about the barriers to learning programming or data
  science and what you can do about it.

## Being a Developer

- [Be reasonable with yourself](http://norvig.com/21-days.html) - Programming
  takes work, then more work, followed by a lot of practice.
- [What is programming?](https://shawnr.gitbooks.io/practical-introduction-to-javascript/content/what-is-programming/)
- Be bad at something, it's
  [good for you](https://www.ted.com/talks/eduardo_briceno_how_to_get_better_at_the_things_you_care_about).
- Study [smarter](https://youtu.be/Xt5qpbiqw2g?t=297), not harder!
- [Tips to the beginner developer](https://www.codementor.io/learn-programming/tips-on-becoming-a-software-engineer).
- [What do programmers do?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g4a7_HH9Wbg)
- [Key to being a developer](https://medium.com/@rhamedy/key-habits-and-things-i-wish-i-knew-earlier-as-a-developer-43c9466a0407)
- [Top 8 Developer Habits](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DwQ7psiU23I&index=1&list=PL0zVEGEvSaeGY3RMjGo4CgMPN42_U9Glu)
- [peternixey](http://peternixey.com/post/83510597580/how-to-be-a-great-software-developer) -
  long, but worth every word.
- [comparing yourself to others](https://medium.freecodecamp.org/a-better-way-to-compare-yourself-43cf37616570)
- [Effective learning](https://github.com/DeNepo/learning)
- [Write Code Every Day](https://johnresig.com/blog/write-code-every-day/)
- [Weekly Review Day](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PlTrxpNaZI8)
- [How I Became a Better Programmer](https://archive.jlongster.com/How-I-Became-Better-Programmer)
- [Building Software Together](https://buildtogether.tech/) A student's guide to
  being a compassionate programmer - The technical parts are more advanced than
  what you're learning now, but all the rest is gold.

## Markdown

- [Markdown Tutorial (gjtorikian)](https://www.markdowntutorial.com): If you
  have ten minutes, you can learn Markdown! In each lesson, you’ll be given an
  introduction to a single Markdown concept. Then, you’ll be asked to complete
  several exercises with that new knowledge.
  - _English, Spanish, French, Korean, Japanese, Dutch, Simplified Chinese,
    Traditional Chinese_
- [Markdown Guide (Matt Cone)](https://www.markdownguide.org/): The Markdown
  Guide is a free and open-source reference guide that explains how to use
  Markdown, the simple and easy-to-use markup language you can use to format
  virtually any document.
- [Commonmark Tutorial](https://commonmark.org/help/tutorial/): Each lesson
  introduces a single Markdown concept with an example. When you see a red
  pulsing circle in the example, select to examine it for details. After
  studying the example, try a few practice exercises with your new knowledge.
- [Markdown Crash Course (Brad Traversy)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HUBNt18RFbo):
  In this video we will discuss what Markdown is, what it is used for and we
  will jump into VSCode and learn the entire syntax in around 10 minutes. We
  will also push to a Github repo to see what it looks like there.
- [Introduction to Markdown in Visual Studio Code _with Markdown worksheet!_ (James Q Quick)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pTCROLZLhDM):
  In this video, we will walk through the basics of Markdown such as creating
  headers, lists, tables, etc. We will use Visual Studio Code (VSCode) which
  allows us to see a live preview of our Markdown as we type in code.
- [A list of all the MarkdownLint errors and how to fix them](https://github.com/markdownlint/markdownlint/blob/main/docs/RULES.md)

## READMEs

- Writing Good READMEs
  - [readme.so](https://readme.so/)
  - [makeareadme.com](https://www.makeareadme.com/)
  - [bulldogjob](https://bulldogjob.com/news/449-how-to-write-a-good-readme-for-your-github-project)
  - [meakaakka](https://medium.com/@meakaakka/a-beginners-guide-to-writing-a-kickass-readme-7ac01da88ab3)
  - [freecodecamp](https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/how-to-write-a-good-readme-file/)
- [awesome README templates](https://github.com/elangosundar/awesome-README-templates)
- README Driven Development
  - [deterministic.space](https://deterministic.space/readme-driven-development.html)
  - [tom preston werner](https://tom.preston-werner.com/2010/08/23/readme-driven-development.html)

## Missing

> _Chinese (Simplified), Chinese (Traditional), Japanese, Korean, Portuguese,
> Russian, Serbian, Spanish, Turkish, Vietnamese, Arabic, Italian, Persian,
> German_

The Missing Semester of Your CS Education (Anish, Jon and Jose):

- [Course site](https://missing.csail.mit.edu/)
- [YouTubre playlist](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLyzOVJj3bHQuloKGG59rS43e29ro7I57J)

We’ll teach you how to master the command-line, use a powerful text editor, use
fancy features of version control systems, and much more!

- Shell Tools and Scripting
- Vim Editor
- Data Wrangling
- Command-line Environment
- CLI
- Version Control (Git)
- Debugging and Profiling
- Metaprogramming
- Security and Cryptography
- Keyboard remappin
- Daemons
- FUSE
- Backups
- APIs
- Common command-line flags/patterns
- Window managers
- VPNs
- Markdown
- Hammerspoon (desktop automation on macOS)
- Booting + Live USBs
- Docker
- Vagrant
- VMs
- Cloud
- OpenStack
- Notebook programming
- GitHub
