0_device_and_accounts/README.md, before:

# Device and Accounts

Take some time in the days before the
[Development Workflows](../01_development_workflows/) workshop to set up your
GitHub account and device so you're ready to start strong.

We will consider your device when assessing your Foundations Track deliverables,
you will not be penalized if you do not have a desktop/laptop. The best option
for programming if you don't have a laptop/desktop is to use GitHub Codespaces:

- **A mobile device or tablet**: You can complete the Fundamentals Track
  deliverables using your GitHub account and GitHub Codespaces. It will be less
  convenient to type without a full keyboard, but it is possible.
- **A shared laptop/desktop where you cannot install software**: You can
  download Python scripts to study without saving changes, and you can use
  GitHub Codespaces to finalize and push your deliverables.
- **A laptop/desktop where you can install software but don't have a private
  account**: You can install and configure VSCode and clone class materials to
  the device, but you won't want to connect the computer to GitHub with SSH -
  this would give all users access to your account.
- **A laptop/desktop where you can install software and have a private
  account**: You can install and download all class resources for offline study
  and connect your computer to GitHub. You're set! Everything you prepares for
  Emerging Talent will serve you in professional work as well.

If you do not have stable internet and are studying from a mobile device or
tablet reach out to the Emerging Talent team, we can help you come up with a
study strategy.

---

## Learning Objectives

<details>
<summary>Priorities: 🥚, 🐣, 🐥, 🐔 (click to learn more)</summary>
<br>

There is a lot to learn in this repository. If you can't master all the material
at once, that's expected! Anything you don't master now will always be waiting
for you to review when you need it. These 4 emoji's will help you prioritize
your study time and to measure your progress:

- 🥚: Understanding this material is required, it covers the base skills you'll
  need for this module and the next. You do not need to finish all of them but
  should feel comfortable that you could with enough time.
- 🐣: You have started all of these exercises and feel you could complete them
  all if you just had more time. It may not be easy for you but with effort you
  can make it through.
- 🐥: You have studied the examples and started some exercises if you had time.
  You should have a big-picture understanding of these concepts/skills, but may
  not be confident completing the exercises.
- 🐔: These concepts or skills are not necessary but are related to this module.
  If you are finished with 🥚, 🐣 and 🐥 you can use the 🐔 exercises to push
  yourself without getting distracted from the module's main objectives.

---

</details>

- **Your Computer**:
  - [ ] 🥚 **File System Management**: You can create and organize a new folder
        in your personal computer for the materials you will study at Emerging
        Talent.
- **Visual Studio Code**:
  - [ ] 🥚 You can open a folder in a new window
  - [ ] 🥚 You can add a new file to your folder
  - [ ] 🥚 You can add a new folder inside your folder
  - [ ] 🥚 You can delete a file
  - [ ] 🥚 You can delete a folder
  - [ ] 🥚 You can create a new Markdown document with the `.md` extension
  - [ ] 🥚 You can write a Markdown document
  - [ ] 🥚 You can preview a Markdown document
  - [ ] 🐣 You can use keyboard shortcuts for as many of these tasks as possible
        (_if you are using a desktop or laptop_)
- **GitHub Code Spaces**: GitHub Codespaces allow you to use VSCode from a web
  browser if you have a mobile device, a tablet device, or you can't install
  VSCode on the laptop/desktop you are using. (_You can ignore these
  deliverables if have installed VSCode on your laptop/desktop_).
  - [ ] 🥚 You can check how many hours you have been using Codespaces in a
        month and use your 120hrs effectively.
  - [ ] 🥚 You can open a GitHub Codespace from any repository
  - [ ] 🥚 You can configure a codespace to use 2 cores, so you have more
        computing time
  - [ ] 🥚 You can complete all of the **Visual Studio Code** deliverables from
        GitHub Codespaces.

---

## Deliverables

### Create Your GitHub Account

- [ ] Create a GitHub account if you don't have one already (_no matter what
      device you are using_):
  - Choose a professional username
  - Add a short bio
  - Replace the default profile image
  - A link to your Linkedin profile
  - Optional links to your social media accounts
  - A link to your personal website if you have one
  - Your contact info, if you're comfortable sharing it publicly
- [ ] Connect your computer to GitHub with SSH (_This deliverable is only
      required if you are using a laptop/desktop where you have a private
      account._)
  - This can be tricky! we're here to help each other on Slack, and there are
    resources in [Suggested Study](../suggested-study/)

### Install Software

> You can ignore this section if you are not able to install software on your
> device.

- **Install these if you are using a laptop, desktop, mobile or tablet**
  - [ ] [Slack](https://slack.com/downloads/) - for all Emerging Talent
        communication
  - [ ] [Zoom](https://zoom.us/support/download) - for online class
- **Install these only if you are using a laptop or desktop**
  - [ ] [Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/download) - used
        write and edit your code
  - [ ] [git](https://git-scm.com/downloads) for Mac and Linux, or
        [git for windows](https://gitforwindows.org/)
  - [ ] [Python](https://www.python.org/downloads/)
  - [oh my zsh](https://ohmyz.sh/) (optional): this will help you find your way
    around the CLI
  - GitHub Desktop (optional)
    - This can help you get started with Git & GitHub, but does not replace
      learning to use your CLI
    - [Mac](https://desktop.github.com/)
    - [Linux](https://github.com/shiftkey/desktop#debianubuntu-distributions)
  - If you use Windows:
    - [setup a Linux SubSystem](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/wsl/install-win10)
  - You will need to update to Windows 10:
    [itechguides](https://www.itechguides.com/windows-subsystem-for-linux/),
    [adamtheauthor](https://adamtheautomator.com/windows-subsystem-for-linux/)
    - [Learn to open VSCode with your SubSystem](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/wsl/tutorials/wsl-vscode)

### Install VSCode Extensions

> You can ignore this section if you are not able to install VSCode on your
> device.

These are a few VSCode extensions that will make your life easier. Find another
one that looks interesting? give it a try!

[How to install VSCode Extensions](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PmdbndOoKq4)

- **For Pair Programming**
  - [ ] [Live Share](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=MS-vsliveshare.vsliveshare)
- **For Git & GitHub**
  - [ ] [Git Graph](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=mhutchie.git-graph)
  - [ ] [GitLens](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=eamodio.gitlens)
  - [ ] [GitHub Pull Requests](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=GitHub.vscode-pull-request-github)
  - [ ] [Git History](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=donjayamanne.githistory)
- **For programming generally**
  - [ ] [Code Spell Checker](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=streetsidesoftware.code-spell-checker)
  - [ ] [Blockman](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=leodevbro.blockman)
  - [ ] [Project Manager](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=alefragnani.project-manager)
  - [ ] [VSCode Icons](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=vscode-icons-team.vscode-icons)
  - [ ] [Bookmarks](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=alefragnani.bookmarks)
  - [ ] [IntelliCode](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=visualstudioexptteam.vscodeintellicode)
  - [ ] [Better Comments](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=aaron-bond.better-comments)
  - [ ] [Path Intellisense](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=christian-kohler.path-intellisense)
  - [ ] [Error Lens](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=usernamehw.errorlens)
  - [ ] [Even Better TOML](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=tamasfe.even-better-toml)
- **For writing Markdown**
  - [ ] [MarkdownLint](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=DavidAnson.vscode-markdownlint)
  - [ ] [Markdown All-In-One](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=yzhang.markdown-all-in-one)
  - [ ] [Markdown Preview GitHub Styling](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=bierner.markdown-preview-github-styles)
- **For writing Python**
  - [ ] [Python](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ms-python.python)
  - [ ] [Pylance](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ms-python.vscode-pylance)
  - [ ] [Python Indent](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=KevinRose.vsc-python-indent)
  - [ ] [Python Docstring Generator](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=njpwerner.autodocstring)
  - [ ] [Python Test Explorer](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=LittleFoxTeam.vscode-python-test-adapter)
  - [ ] [Black Formatter](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ms-python.black-formatter)
  - [ ] [Ruff](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=charliermarsh.ruff)
  - [ ] [Indent Rainbow](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=oderwat.indent-rainbow)
  - [ ] [Python Debugger](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ms-python.debugpy)
  - [ ] [Python Snippets](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=frhtylcn.pythonsnippets)
- **For writing Notebooks**
  - [ ] [Jupyter](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ms-toolsai.jupyter)
  - [ ] [Jupyter Keymap](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ms-toolsai.jupyter-keymap)
- **For working with data**
  - [ ] [Data Preview](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=RandomFractalsInc.vscode-data-preview)
  - [ ] [Rainbow CSV](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=mechatroner.rainbow-csv)
  - [ ] [SQL Tools](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=mtxr.sqltools)

Commit message:

suggested study readings in 0 deliverables

0_device_and_accounts/README.md, after:

# Device and Accounts

Take some time in the days before the
[Development Workflows](../01_development_workflows/) workshop to set up your
GitHub account and device so you're ready to start strong.

We will consider your device when assessing your Foundations Track deliverables,
you will not be penalized if you do not have a desktop/laptop. The best option
for programming if you don't have a laptop/desktop is to use GitHub Codespaces:

- **A mobile device or tablet**: You can complete the Fundamentals Track
  deliverables using your GitHub account and GitHub Codespaces. It will be less
  convenient to type without a full keyboard, but it is possible.
- **A shared laptop/desktop where you cannot install software**: You can
  download Python scripts to study without saving changes, and you can use
  GitHub Codespaces to finalize and push your deliverables.
- **A laptop/desktop where you can install software but don't have a private
  account**: You can install and configure VSCode and clone class materials to
  the device, but you won't want to connect the computer to GitHub with SSH -
  this would give all users access to your account.
- **A laptop/desktop where you can install software and have a private
  account**: You can install and download all class resources for offline study
  and connect your computer to GitHub. You're set! Everything you prepares for
  Emerging Talent will serve you in professional work as well.

If you do not have stable internet and are studying from a mobile device or
tablet reach out to the Emerging Talent team, we can help you come up with a
study strategy.

---

## Learning Objectives

<details>
<summary>Priorities: 🥚, 🐣, 🐥, 🐔 (click to learn more)</summary>
<br>

There is a lot to learn in this repository. If you can't master all the material
at once, that's expected! Anything you don't master now will always be waiting
for you to review when you need it. These 4 emoji's will help you prioritize
your study time and to measure your progress:

- 🥚: Understanding this material is required, it covers the base skills you'll
  need for this module and the next. You do not need to finish all of them but
  should feel comfortable that you could with enough time.
- 🐣: You have started all of these exercises and feel you could complete them
  all if you just had more time. It may not be easy for you but with effort you
  can make it through.
- 🐥: You have studied the examples and started some exercises if you had time.
  You should have a big-picture understanding of these concepts/skills, but may
  not be confident completing the exercises.
- 🐔: These concepts or skills are not necessary but are related to this module.
  If you are finished with 🥚, 🐣 and 🐥 you can use the 🐔 exercises to push
  yourself without getting distracted from the module's main objectives.

---

</details>

- **Your Computer**:
  - [ ] 🥚 **File System Management**: You can create and organize a new folder
        in your personal computer for the materials you will study at Emerging
        Talent.
- **Visual Studio Code**:
  - [ ] 🥚 You can open a folder in a new window
  - [ ] 🥚 You can add a new file to your folder
  - [ ] 🥚 You can add a new folder inside your folder
  - [ ] 🥚 You can delete a file
  - [ ] 🥚 You can delete a folder
  - [ ] 🥚 You can create a new Markdown document with the `.md` extension
  - [ ] 🥚 You can write a Markdown document
  - [ ] 🥚 You can preview a Markdown document
  - [ ] 🐣 You can use keyboard shortcuts for as many of these tasks as possible
        (_if you are using a desktop or laptop_)
- **GitHub Code Spaces**: GitHub Codespaces allow you to use VSCode from a web
  browser if you have a mobile device, a tablet device, or you can't install
  VSCode on the laptop/desktop you are using. (_You can ignore these
  deliverables if have installed VSCode on your laptop/desktop_).
  - [ ] 🥚 You can check how many hours you have been using Codespaces in a
        month and use your 120hrs effectively.
  - [ ] 🥚 You can open a GitHub Codespace from any repository
  - [ ] 🥚 You can configure a codespace to use 2 cores, so you have more
        computing time
  - [ ] 🥚 You can complete all of the **Visual Studio Code** deliverables from
        GitHub Codespaces.

---

## Deliverables

### Background Study

Take a first look through the [Suggested Study](../suggested-study/) resources
focusing on these resources:

- [ ] **README**: Learning in Public, Being a Developer, Markdown and READMEs
- [ ] **Tech Foundations**: The Internet
- [ ] **Git and GitHub**: Git (_especially the games_)

### Create Your GitHub Account

- [ ] Create a GitHub account if you don't have one already (_no matter what
      device you are using_):
  - Choose a professional username
  - Add a short bio
  - Replace the default profile image
  - A link to your Linkedin profile
  - Optional links to your social media accounts
  - A link to your personal website if you have one
  - Your contact info, if you're comfortable sharing it publicly
- [ ] Connect your computer to GitHub with SSH (_This deliverable is only
      required if you are using a laptop/desktop where you have a private
      account._)
  - This can be tricky! we're here to help each other on Slack, and there are
    resources in [Suggested Study](../suggested-study/)

### Install Software

> You can ignore this section if you are not able to install software on your
> device.

- **Install these if you are using a laptop, desktop, mobile or tablet**
  - [ ] [Slack](https://slack.com/downloads/) - for all Emerging Talent
        communication
  - [ ] [Zoom](https://zoom.us/support/download) - for online class
- **Install these only if you are using a laptop or desktop**
  - [ ] [Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/download) - used
        write and edit your code
  - [ ] [git](https://git-scm.com/downloads) for Mac and Linux, or
        [git for windows](https://gitforwindows.org/)
  - [ ] [Python](https://www.python.org/downloads/)
  - [oh my zsh](https://ohmyz.sh/) (optional): this will help you find your way
    around the CLI
  - GitHub Desktop (optional)
    - This can help you get started with Git & GitHub, but does not replace
      learning to use your CLI
    - [Mac](https://desktop.github.com/)
    - [Linux](https://github.com/shiftkey/desktop#debianubuntu-distributions)
  - If you use Windows:
    - [setup a Linux SubSystem](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/wsl/install-win10)
  - You will need to update to Windows 10:
    [itechguides](https://www.itechguides.com/windows-subsystem-for-linux/),
    [adamtheauthor](https://adamtheautomator.com/windows-subsystem-for-linux/)
    - [Learn to open VSCode with your SubSystem](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/wsl/tutorials/wsl-vscode)

### Install VSCode Extensions

> You can ignore this section if you are not able to install VSCode on your
> device.

These are a few VSCode extensions that will make your life easier. Find another
one that looks interesting? give it a try!

[How to install VSCode Extensions](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PmdbndOoKq4)

- **For Pair Programming**
  - [ ] [Live Share](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=MS-vsliveshare.vsliveshare)
- **For Git & GitHub**
  - [ ] [Git Graph](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=mhutchie.git-graph)
  - [ ] [GitLens](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=eamodio.gitlens)
  - [ ] [GitHub Pull Requests](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=GitHub.vscode-pull-request-github)
  - [ ] [Git History](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=donjayamanne.githistory)
- **For programming generally**
  - [ ] [Code Spell Checker](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=streetsidesoftware.code-spell-checker)
  - [ ] [Blockman](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=leodevbro.blockman)
  - [ ] [Project Manager](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=alefragnani.project-manager)
  - [ ] [VSCode Icons](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=vscode-icons-team.vscode-icons)
  - [ ] [Bookmarks](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=alefragnani.bookmarks)
  - [ ] [IntelliCode](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=visualstudioexptteam.vscodeintellicode)
  - [ ] [Better Comments](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=aaron-bond.better-comments)
  - [ ] [Path Intellisense](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=christian-kohler.path-intellisense)
  - [ ] [Error Lens](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=usernamehw.errorlens)
  - [ ] [Even Better TOML](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=tamasfe.even-better-toml)
- **For writing Markdown**
  - [ ] [MarkdownLint](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=DavidAnson.vscode-markdownlint)
  - [ ] [Markdown All-In-One](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=yzhang.markdown-all-in-one)
  - [ ] [Markdown Preview GitHub Styling](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=bierner.markdown-preview-github-styles)
- **For writing Python**
  - [ ] [Python](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ms-python.python)
  - [ ] [Pylance](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ms-python.vscode-pylance)
  - [ ] [Python Indent](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=KevinRose.vsc-python-indent)
  - [ ] [Python Docstring Generator](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=njpwerner.autodocstring)
  - [ ] [Python Test Explorer](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=LittleFoxTeam.vscode-python-test-adapter)
  - [ ] [Black Formatter](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ms-python.black-formatter)
  - [ ] [Ruff](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=charliermarsh.ruff)
  - [ ] [Indent Rainbow](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=oderwat.indent-rainbow)
  - [ ] [Python Debugger](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ms-python.debugpy)
  - [ ] [Python Snippets](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=frhtylcn.pythonsnippets)
- **For writing Notebooks**
  - [ ] [Jupyter](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ms-toolsai.jupyter)
  - [ ] [Jupyter Keymap](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ms-toolsai.jupyter-keymap)
- **For working with data**
  - [ ] [Data Preview](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=RandomFractalsInc.vscode-data-preview)
  - [ ] [Rainbow CSV](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=mechatroner.rainbow-csv)
  - [ ] [SQL Tools](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=mtxr.sqltools)
