1_development_workflows/deliverables.md, before:

# Deliverables

Your deliverable is to create a Profile README for your GitHub account using
[the template `username` repository](https://github.com/MIT-Emerging-Talent/username). This isn't busy work! Creating this README will
turn your GitHub account into a mini CV with a list of your experience,
interests, and anything else you'd like to share.

## Checklist

- [ ] You created your Profile README repository using
      [the template `username` repository](https://github.com/MIT-Emerging-Talent/username)
- [ ] All of the CI checks pass under the Actions tab

## Helpful Links

- [_how to use template repositories_](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8cxYgaMB9ow)
- [GitHub's documentation](https://docs.github.com/en/account-and-profile/setting-up-and-managing-your-github-profile/customizing-your-profile/managing-your-profile-readme)
- [SitePoint tutorial](https://www.sitepoint.com/github-profile-readme/)
- Two README generators:
  [rahuldkjain.github.io](https://rahuldkjain.github.io/gh-profile-readme-generator/),
  [profile-readme-generator.com](https://profile-readme-generator.com/)

Commit message:

Development Workflows, and some tidying

1_development_workflows/deliverables.md, after:

# Deliverables

Your deliverable is to create a Profile README for your GitHub account using
[the template `username` repository](https://github.com/MIT-Emerging-Talent/username). This isn't busy work! Creating this README will
turn your GitHub account into a mini CV with a list of your experience,
interests, and anything else you'd like to share.

## Checklist

- [ ] You created your Profile README repository using
      [the template `username` repository](https://github.com/MIT-Emerging-Talent/username)
- [ ] All of the CI checks pass under the Actions tab

## Suggested Study

> Here are some ideas to help with this workshop's deliverable.  Don't see what you need here?  Look through the rest of [Suggested Study](../suggested_study/) or search what you need online.

Writing Markdown in VSCode: [Traversy](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HUBNt18RFbo), [James Q Quick](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pTCROLZLhDM).

Get inspired for your Profile README

- [_how to use template repositories_](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8cxYgaMB9ow)
- [GitHub's documentation](https://docs.github.com/en/account-and-profile/setting-up-and-managing-your-github-profile/customizing-your-profile/managing-your-profile-readme)
- [Awesome READMEs for inspiration](https://github.com/abhisheknaiidu/awesome-github-profile-readme)
- [More awesome READMEs + tools and guides](https://github.com/suryakantamangaraj/AwesomeGithubProfileTemplates?tab=readme-ov-file)

Start watching [Git & GitHub for Poets](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BCQHnlnPusY&list=PLRqwX-V7Uu6ZF9C0YMKuns9sLDzK6zoiV)

Play some games to learn CLI:

- [bashcrawl](https://gitlab.com/slackermedia/bashcrawl/)
- [Terminus](https://web.mit.edu/mprat/Public/web/Terminus/Web/main.html)
- [iTerm](https://sr6033.github.io/lterm/)

Play some games to learn Git:

- [learngitbranching](https://learngitbranching.js.org/) +
    [a Video Guide](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dG0ke9vILQM)
- [git-school](https://git-school.github.io/visualizing-git/)
- [ohmygit](https://ohmygit.org/)

And if you're working on a laptop/desktop where you have a private account, set up an SSH connection to GitHub:

- [GitHub's documentation](https://docs.github.com/en/authentication/connecting-to-github-with-ssh)
- [A helpful guide video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8X4u9sca3Io)
- [A long but thorough explanation (starting at step 2.3)](https://www.theodinproject.com/paths/foundations/courses/foundations/lessons/setting-up-git)
